First, let us see how we can create a metamodel.
That is something that we are going to add to our Java classes to
add some semantic to the fields of our class.
The information we need is, in fact, quite simple.
It is what to save from the objects we are dealing with and how to save it.
Suppose you want to save an object to a database,
the information you need is in what table you are going to save it and
in which column you are going to put which field.
This is what this metamodel will have to tell us.
So from a technical point of view,
what we need is to add metadata to the Person class,
and we are going to do that using annotations in Java.
So here is our Person class, a very classical JavaBean,
with three fields, private fields.
The first one is the id, and the two others,
the age of that person in an integer and its name in a string of characters.
We are going to state that this id field is,
in fact, the primary key simply by adding this annotation,
@PrimaryKey, directly on the field.
If you are not familiar with annotations, do not worry.
We are going to see in a minute how to create our own annotations.
And then we are going to do the same on this age field and this
name field just to tell our system that those two fields should be
saved in a certain way in our database.
How can we create annotations in Java?
Well, it is extremely simple.
What you just need is to create an interface,
and instead of calling it an interface,
you call it an @interface with this at symbol just in
front of this interface keyword. And we are going to see that as an example in the demo part of this module.